yo guys ways up in today i'm bringing
you some modern warfare 3 gameplay' let
me just touch up on to you why I'm doing
that I'm employed ghost in about two
weeks three weeks feels like forever I
don't know how long it's actually being
probably 2-3 weeks and I don't have any
gameplay so I what I do it old call duty
and just pick something up so I didn't
pick anything up actually be honest with
you up this gameplay is not new it's
probably about three or four years old
however long the game was out though how
many years ago that was 23 years ago
mine started on my hard drive so i
thought i'd just use it didn't feel like
getting on ghost to play it just because
uh yeah I'll pretty much talk about why
in a second so um you know every year
the game comes out when people like ah
fuck i don't like this game i'm not
gonna play it um I don't really dislike
ghost to be honest with you guys I just
don't feel like playing it um I don't
really find that entertaining it's a
good game and I'm not one of those guys
that are like sit there and rant about
the game and then continue to play it
anyways I don't understand those people
I didn't like black ops 2 when it first
came out so I didn't play it near the
end I really enjoyed black ops 2 but um
no I don't really have any problems call
duty ghosts I don't really have any
problems you know there's you know well
i guess i could say i do have problems
with their some annoying things in the
game but overall i say it's a pretty
good game i don't mind it I just don't
feel the need to play it that much
because I kind of lost interest in video
games and i'm pretty much turning over a
new leaf or trying to make a new
stepping stone in my life basically just
realizing what i want to do with my life
and realizing what's important what's
not important I felt like I took too
long in my life deciding what is and
what isn't so far you know I'm already
18 years old and you know what do I have
to say for myself you know I do have a
job are you were pretty well in school
i'm in college and university program so
you know i have a job I'm in school I
have a really big hobby which is a MMA
fighting and I do have a fight coming up
in January so that's something also i
take really serious and who knows how
far i truly want to go with that
but um yeah basically I realized that
video games don't really get me anywhere
in life they're more of a hobby than
anything yes I made money off that I've
gotten numerous paychecks from YouTube
but there nothing you know for the point
where you can say that you know that's
just pocket change for the most part but
um you know I realized that gaming
really didn't get me anywhere in the
last four years of doing it you know I
36 days played on black ops 1 38 days
play on modern warfare 3 like 18 days on
black ops 2 and I think goes I have like
two or three days something like that
but I haven't played in forever it
grinded it really hard when it came out
and I realized that you know it doesn't
really get me anywhere sure it's a fun
hobby sure you can put some time into it
but I was taking it way too serious and
I did something that I always thought I
never do and that was kind of get into
the negative facts of gaming I was just
played gaming to have fun and you know
do good and stuff like that if you guys
know me I always go for stats and stuff
like that because that's just how I
enjoy playing call of duty but I found
myself you know doing up stupid ways and
not playing with the people who I
enjoyed playing with um I pretty much
started halfway through black ops will
black ops 2 I mean I met a guy named the
NOC inator he introduced me to the whole
multi-team hardpoint seen in the YouTube
people you know were smacking all these
people and that's pretty much what black
ops 2 was was the biggest dramatic call
of duty ever because everything was
about smacking other youtubers and
talking crap and all that man did I ever
get a mouth on me um I realized within
the past year year and a half I really
picked up a mouthy side to myself to the
point where you know I'm just talkin
crap to people on the internet for no
apparent reason which you know to a
certain point that's kind of fun
sometimes you know getting on the mic
and said you know come on people help
but that's just as a joke really know at
the end of the day doesn't mean anything
but I get myself involved with random
Twitter drama random youtube drama stuff
that really is pointless because you can
never really win an internet argument
because at the end of the day it's an
internet argument and there is no winner
and there is no loser for the most part
so um that kind of affected me in real
life mostly just because I was melting
on the internet and I got away with it
and I thought I could be mostly in real
life and get away with it and for the
most part I could be mouth in real life
and become an asshole in real life and
get away with it because no one would
really
mess with me because you know I probably
punch them in the face of the piss me
off but uh that's no way to be that's
not who I want to be that's not how I
want to take care of situations that's
just overall not really i don't know
that just doesn't sound like something I
want to be and stuff like that a lot of
you guys know I'm going to become a
police officer and I kind of want to be
a nicer person i want you know i'm i'm
pretty much gonna be protecting and
serving the civilians the people so why
would i want to act like that if you
know I'm just you know it's like I'm
doing something and going completely
against what I'm trying to protect you
know what I mean and I don't know I
really just think about a who I want to
be in what I want to be known as I don't
want people thinking me is that you know
one asshole guy you know says whatever
he wants and he's a jerk to everyone yet
he's a police officer and stuff like
that that's uh and I think it's kind of
like a some you have to realize in your
life now to a certain point I don't care
what people think about me because
there's always gonna be people out there
that you know they have bad things to
say about you or they don't like you but
at the same time you can't please
everyone so that's something that I just
thought about and you know I kind of
want to be a nicer person and you know
sometimes don't get me wrong you do have
to stick up for yourself from there you
can be offensive if you truly do believe
in it but I feel like at times I'd go
out of my way just to be some kind of
internet thug or internet troll and kind
of got a bad name for myself at times
and I kind of want to be the same person
who i've always been i want to be Chris
Stewart which is you know who I am at
the end of the day so I don't know guys
this this commentary might seem kind of
gave for you guys like man what the fuck
is this kid talking peddlin he's talking
about some pretty stupid things it's a
video game calm down and that is true
but you know i made i turned this video
game to something much more than that
and you know i turned like my online
persona into the only persona like you
know it was pretty much life for me and
you know that's not what i want to be
that's not what i want to do with my
time and you know i hope you guys know
what I'm like talking about trying to
get at you know there's other things at
life that you know definitely take
priority and don't get me wrong
sometimes you know video games are what
people you know strive to do in life and
you know they get paid full time for it
but that's obviously a very rare that
that happens and you know that's just
something I don't want to be doing for
the rest of my life is probably playing
video games eventually i'll probably get
bored of them you know i might play them
the odd time here
there you know pick it up maybe so often
but I don't think I'm ever gonna put the
time into a video game like i did in the
old days what you know there's nothing
wrong with what i did in the past don't
get me wrong i did enjoy doing what I
did are putting all the time of the
video games that kind of made me who I
am today but I think it's time for a
better change I still will be uploading
I plan on uploading more frequently but
um you guys I don't know I hope you guys
can see a nude for the most part
improved Chris Stewart almost like a
Chris two point oh but anyways guys this
game plays pretty much wrapping up here
um I think I drop a 50 bomb in this game
but at the same time who really cares
its modern warfare 3 oh yeah the whole
point of this game there's a kid on the
other team would take a 4.5 katie and i
think he raged quit partway through i'm
not sure but anyways guys hope you guys
enjoyed the video i'd say thank you for
watching please leave some feedback hope
you guys had a merry christmas and happy
new years thanks guys peace out